Update changelog.md (#2949)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/reference/changelog.md

## Unreleased
### Added
- Add support for Kubernetes 1.23 [#2159](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere/issues/2159)

> - Add support for Support Bundle for verification of control plane IP with vSphere provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for Support Bundle for validating control plane IP with vSphere provider
```
